feat(changelog): kubernetes-removed-container-runtimes-docker-and 2023-02-07 (#1275)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/february2023/2023-02-07-kubernetes-removed-container-runtimes-docker-and.mdx

---
title: Container Runtimes Docker and CRI-O are not supported anymore
status: removed
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #k8s channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2023-02-07
category: compute
product: kubernetes
---

All new pools created in Scaleway Kubernetes clusters now use `Containerd` as their default runtime. 

> Scaleway recommends [to migrate node pools](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/containers/kubernetes/how-to/change-container-runtime-interface/) to a supported CRI. Find more details on [our migration policies here](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/containers/kubernetes/reference-content/version-support-policy/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend you [migrate node pools](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/containers/kubernetes/how-to/change-container-runtime-interface/) to a supported CRI. You can find more details about migration policies in our [version support policy page](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/containers/kubernetes/reference-content/version-support-policy/).
```

> Scaleway recommends [to migrate node pools](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/containers/kubernetes/how-to/change-container-runtime-interface/) to a supported CRI. Please find more details on [our migration policies here](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/containers/kubernetes/reference-content/version-support-policy/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Scaleway recommends [to migrate node pools](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/containers/kubernetes/how-to/change-container-runtime-interface/) to a supported CRI. Find more details on [our migration policies here](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/containers/kubernetes/reference-content/version-support-policy/).
```
